---
layout: post
title:  "Wrapping Up"
author: Cameron
Cameron: Cameron
---

### Wrapping Up
So, we have finished the project with 753 lines of code, 34 unit tests and 114 story points over 3 sprints.

Honestly, I couldn't have asked for a better team for this project. I had previously worked with Kelsey and Tyler in CS498 and I also worked with Kelsey for a year at Computer Services Inc as interns. We were all very driven and had a lot of ideas on the best ways to solve different tasks in the beginning. From one of the very first meetings of the semester, we decied to break into teams of 2 to handle the different pieces of the application. This proved to be very helpful, since it usually best to code methods and functions as that work on their own as well as tied into everything else. Throughout the semester, we stayed in these original groups to really hone in our work on each of the classes. 

Over the last few weeks Tyler really seemed to step and make sure everyone was on top of their work and everything we set out for ourselves over the last sprint was going to get done. In Sprint 3, I think the team as a whole realized there was quite a bit of features of the application that weren't going to be fully ready. For instance, with Tabula I realized how particular it was when it came to filtering out the extracted data from the Crash Reports. And I know Tyler also had difficulty with the EquationSolver class when it came to figuring out which equation to use. It seemed to quickly evolve into needing a machine learning classifier to determine the best equation and this was not something we had the time to do. 

In conclusion, I had a lot of fun being able to work on a project far out of my comfort zone of web development and also had the pleasure of working on a great team. I learned a lot about how to program with Python and how useful Pip can be to download different libraries and frameworks to use as tools for coding. I couldn't have asked for a better team. I hope that the coronavirus epidemic is dealt with soon and that we can all meet up for dinner.

### The Next Few Days
Today is May 3rd 2020. I have my Calculus 4 final in the morning at 8:00 am and my Logic and Computer Theory final at 1:00 pm. Then I have my last final the next day at 1:00 pm. After all is said and done, I will be finished with my Senior year at the University of Kentucky. I would love to say that I am graduating, but I have just one more semester to go. It will be sad to see most of my friends leave, but I know that they are going to make big changes out there.

### Future Plans
I am still hoping that when I graduate there will be a job for me at CSI. The epidemic has really shaken up the company and we have been extremely busy at work. I was once told that most developers only stick with one job for about 6 or 7 years. Well, at the start of this summer, I will have been working at CSI for 3 years and I am already looking around at other jobs that I would be interested in. I know as a developer I will need to make sure that I am keeping up to date with new technology and new ways of doing the same things, but I think I am most interested in expanding my field of expertise. 

I feel that there will be lasting changes upon the world even when the coronavirus is simply history. And as a Computer Scientist, it will be up to us to help usher the new way of life that awaits us all.

Stay Safe,
Cameron Lydon
