---
layout: post
title: "Sprint 2 Completion and Reflection"
Tyler: Tyler
---

I've finished all the code I set out to at the beginning of the sprint. It carried over the official end of the sprint Tuesday though, because I needed to help my family with some outdoor work over the weekend, which ended up eating a lot of my time over the weekend. The tests are there and they are passing. I'm having to add some extra configuration files for letting the program know about which variables can be substituted with each other and mappings between variables and units, but I'll work on those on the next sprint to make sure I have enough time to finish this one.

I major issue though is that trying the merge both Honor and my own code into master turned out to be a major hassle. We as a team agreed to reorganize the code a bit, since the top level directory of the project was becoming cluttered. We moved some lingering testing code/output into the `tests` directory and moved most of the other
source code into a new directory `src`. However, because these changes were done in separate branches and changes were made to them independently, it seemed that git lost the ability to track them and recognize some of the code as being moved. It seems that due to how git tracks changes in files through there contents and not really any other file metadata, that moving some of the files was recorded in the git history as a delete of the top level file and an addition of a new file in source. This meant that git thought that some files were deleted in one branch and modified/kept in another, and wanted me to choose which one to keep instead of merging the different changes together. I was able to fix this by using `git merge -X find-renames=<number>`. That parameter allows me to tell git how similar files with the same name need to be before it treats the changes as the file being moved around. Setting the similarity number low (5% or `05` on the command line) allowed git to recognize the problem files as begin moved and allowed me to merge them as I wanted to. I'll try to make a note about this in the group documents sometime over the weekend for future reference. 
