---
layout: post
title:  "Developer Notes 2/6/20"
author: Kyra
Kyra: Kyra
---

#### Date: 2/6/20

### Team Meeting

Group A - Let the Computer Decide met in full this morning during the normal class time to discuss the following topics:
* Our first meeting with our client, Mike Flamm of Detla V Innovations
* Our upcoming User Stories and Project Plan assignments

### Planning for Our First Client Meeting

Prior to this full group meeting, I acted as primary contact between Mr. Flamm and our team. I collated our schedules and contacted Mr. Flamm, finding a time when all of us could meet in person to discuss the initial project details.

During our student group meeting, we began preparing an agenda and a list of questions for that client meeting with Mike Flamm, which would take place that afternoon. We also delegated who would be taking minutes during the meeting.

To determine the relevant questions, we browsed the user stories and project specifications requirements document assignments, looking for details in the rubric we did not already have the information necessary to write about.


### First Client Meeting

During our first client meeting, the full student Group A met with Mike Flamm and his wife Susan Flamm to discuss the details of the project. Raiffa and Honor took extended minutes, while I took note of Mike's goals and user actions desired for the project. During the course of the meeting, we introduced ourselves, and Mike and Susan introduced their company and the various projects they had in development. The bulk of the meeting was spent understanding the basic goals and specifications for the project, as well as asking Mike and Susan any questions we had developed earlier in the day.
