---
layout: post
title:  "Developer Notes 3/01/20"
author: Kyra
Kyra: Kyra
---
 
A recap of the meetings held on Sunday, March 1st

### Team Meeting
On Sunday, our team met to conduct sprint planning for Sprint #1 and to discuss the Architecture Assignment. To prepare for this meeting, each team member was assigned a piece of functionality desired in our application to create at least 3 user stories for. My assigned functionality was the presentation of results to the user, including longitudinal, lateral, and total delta v or total change in velocity. 

#### Sprint Planning
On Sunday, we compiled all of the user stories we had created for our topic and then arranged them into one of 5 categories: Data Input, Data Processing, Data Storage, Presentation of Results, and Maintenance. We then assessed any gaps in the stories present and created more where we felt it was necessary.

Next, Kelsey created a Google poll where we ranked each of our stories by voting for how many story points we believed it deserved. She then collated the votes into a spreadsheet and the most popular response was selected. This was then compared to the mean, and if it was greater than 1 point away from the mean, it was discussed as a group. We then decided that 8 story points constituted a sprint and we split up into groups for each functionality. Once again, I was in Presentation of Results. We then selected our user stories to tackle in Sprint #1 for a total of 8 story points.

#### Architecture Assignment
Our group also spent time reading over the Architecture Assignment and assigning roles to each member of the team. I volunteered to work on the high-level architecture and design section.

### Takeaways
* Client Meeting with Mike on Tuesday at 6:15 pm
* Sprint #1 Starts Tuesday
