---
layout: post
title:  "Developer Notes 3/9/20"
author: Kyra
Kyra: Kyra
---
 
A recap of the meeting held on Monday, March 9th and the development of the Architecture Assignment.

### Team Meeting
On Monday, the half of our team working on the Architecture Assignment presentation met to finish the slide deck and practice. Myself, Raiffa, and Cameron decided to work on this presentation and split the 9 topics such that each of us would discuss 3 consecutive ones. Together, we put together the slide deck using the suggested topics Dr. Hayes provided on Canvas. We practiced the presentation several times and ensured that our presentation was appropriately under 10 minutes.

#### Architecture Assignment
Prior to Monday, our team began working on the individual portions of the architecture assignment. Personally, I worked on the High-Level Design Diagram with Raiffa. To construct the diagram, we used our 4 phases of functionality to visually group the tasks the application must complete. Within each phase, we referenced the appropriate user stories to make a path from entry to exit within the application given varying inputs. Once this was complete, we discussed how each phase was related to one another and when information is saved to the metadata package.

I was also responsible for creating test cases for my user stories I had selected for this sprint. I developed unit tests based on the model Tyler created in Excel.

On Monday night, we held our Quality Review and looked for any faults in the document. 

### Takeaways
* Sprint #1 Ends in One Week
* Spring Break is next week so no meeting

