---
layout: post
title:  "Developer Notes 3/22/20"
author: Kyra
Kyra: Kyra
---
 
A recap of the meeting held on Sunday, March 22nd and Sprint #1.

#### Team Meeting
On Sunday, our team met to discuss our progress on Sprint #1 and perform our retrospective. Due to recent events with classes moving online and Spring Break, we decided to deviate from our original Sprint #1 schedule, moving the end date from Thursday, March 19th to Sunday March 22nd. During this meeting, we did our weekly stand-up and gave a detailed overview of the functionality we implemented. Then, we opened the floor to questions and we discussed our plans for the overall design of the application. Finally, we discussed our final touches and fixes to be made within our pairs and how we would merge the code within in our pairs before merging all of the code on Tuesday.

#### Sprint #1 Development
For Sprint #1, I was assigned a total of 4 User Stories in the category of Processing Results. However, first, I had to work out a general design for how our classes would integrate and communicate. For example, within our application there are several important values that are used frequently once calcualted. Rather than reading and writing these to a file constantly, I created a data object class named PulseData to quickly store, pass, and access these highlighted values. After I created this object, I started to integrate it into the parameters and member variables of the related classes, providing pseudocode for any functions that will be implemented in the future. These changes were focused in the DataPreprocessor, EquationSolver, and PDFFormatter classes. 

I also implemented two methods for alerting the user of invalid data. First, I developed a simple command-line output and killed the remaining processes. Second, I created a custom exception to be thrown when the ignition cycles do not match up, so the error can be traced more specifically to the data.

Finally, I developed the relevant unit tests for my methods and classes, integrating the code other memebers of my team also developed.
