---
layout: post
title: "Developer Notes 2/16/20"
Kyra: Kyra
---

A recap of the meeting held on Sunday, Februrary 16th

# Team Meeting
Group A - Let the Computer Decide met on 2/16/20 and 2/17/20 to complete the Project Plan group assignment.

# Project Plan

## Requirements Specifications Document
Prior to Sunday, our group had divided up the sections of the Requirements Specification Document into 3 group sections and 6 individual sections. My assigned inidvidual section was User Interaction. After meeting on Sunday, I also was assigned the Conclusion and descriptive paragraph for the Non-Functional requirements. As a group, I contributed to the System Model and the Non-Functional Requirements.

### User Interaction
The major design decisions for this section begin with the categorization of our system's users. After speaking with Mike, our customer, he described the users of our system as having varying levels of expertise. In his mind, users of the system either have training and experience in doing crash analytics by hand or they have no training whatsoever. Based on this dichotomy, I decided to split our users into crash analysts, or unexperienced users who want to receive automated crash analytics results, and system administrators, or experienced users who want to add to the available equations and coefficients in the system.

In order to determine the use cases for each of these users, I made a list of all necessary user actions, and any user actions necessary to make a maintainable and user friendly application. From this list, I then separated the actions into their relevant user category.

To best convey the user interaction for our application. I decided to write descriptive use cases and then summarize the use cases for each user type in a summary use case diagram.

### System Model
The major design decisions for the functional and non-functional requirements began with the group discussion of the system model. To begin, we walked through the steps a user would take in using the application, and what infrastructure would be necessary to support each of these actions. Because this is an application that will be implemented in both web and local environments (and potentially tied into a different frontend), we knew that the system would have to be simple, portable, and adaptable. After discussion, we landed on the creation of a command-line application that would read and write from a metadata package. This application would then interface with the other necessary databases and I/O sources.

# Takeaways
We decided on the following takeaways to be considered or completed before the next class:
* Complete our individuall assigned portions of the Project Plan
* Review the document from 9-11pm
* Turn in the Project Plan
* Meet on Tuesday morning to plan for our client meeting at 6:15 pm
