---
layout: post
title:  "Developer Notes 04/14/20"
author: Kyra
Kyra: Kyra
---
 
A recap of the meeting held on Sunday, April 19th and Sprint #3.

#### Team Meeting
On Sunday, our group met to merge code and put the finishing touches on the Coding Assignment. First, Raiffa and I merged our code with no conflicts, which was very exciting. Then, the group met and one by one we merged our code into master. As Cameron merged into master first, I had to rebase and make a variety of merge conflict resolutions. I also worked with Raiffa, Cameron, and Kelsey to resolve a few failing tests.

We also discussed the finishing touches on the user and administrator manuals, and as a team, came up with a timeline and plan for testing.

#### Sprint #3 Development Continued
The bulk of my time this week was spent on the main module and ensuring that the appropriate data is pulled out of the CDR report and passed to the approproate classes. In order to create a demo for the coding assignment, I also created a Demo PDF that would allow for easy processing and a representation of the full process. I worked in particular to ensure that the ignition cycles, signs, and units in the pdf were procesed.

#### Coding Assignment
For the coding assignment, I worked on the User Manual and testing. For the User's Manual, I chose to create a simple document giving information on how to run the application and what inputs it required from the user. For testing, I not only contributed my own automated user tests for each class and function I developed, but I also created a list of non-automated integration tests focused on specifically on the main.
