---
layout: post
title:  "Developer Notes 04/14/20"
author: Kyra
Kyra: Kyra
---
 
A recap of the meeting held on Tuesday, April 14th and Sprint #3.

#### Team Meeting
On Tuesday, our group met for a brief Stand-Up Meeting to discuss our progress for Sprint #2. Due to COVID-19 and Spring Break, we decided to extend our first sprint and shorten our second sprint. As a result, Sprint #2 was only a week long. At the Stand-Up meeting, I clarified with the other pairs their design strategy behind the initialization and call of their classes.

#### Sprint #2 Development
For Sprint #2, I chose two user stories: one in maintenance and one in processing results.

For maintenance, I chose to take on a user story that mandated the creation of a command line application. For my implementation, I created a main file that began basic user I/O and implemented the basics of calling each of the classes constructed so far. As I began to implement this story, I realized that this would in actuality be something closer to an epic, and that work on this will need to continue into the next sprint. As for design decision, I followed the I/O guidelines provdided by Kelsey in the Architecture Assignment and chose to create a separate object to hold all of the instances of the classes required to run the application. This will allow for a much more contained and organized implementation of the main with better future maintenance.

For processing results, I looked into using matplotlib to graph our key results visually. As this is a very case-by-case functional description, I implemented a very simple but adaptable class for plotting graphs.
